# 20210525

Attendees:

* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* CRob (Intel)
* Jon Zeolla (Seiso)
* Xavier Rene-Corail (GitHub)
* Dave Russo (Red Hat)
* Glenn ten Cate(SKF)
* Appu Goundan (Google)
* Jonathan Leitschuh (Gradle)

Meeting Notes:

* New people:
    * Appu G (Google) - Has worked on Java tooling, knows Dan Lorenc, creating/looking for guidelines for OSS developers
* edX:
    * Plan to tweak by adding a little reference to SBOM
* SKF:
    * Working with CRE (Spyros)
* CII Best Practices badge:
    * Proposed tweak to a criterion; submitter didn’t like “killed” (“too morbid”), replace with “died”. See: [https://github.com/coreinfrastructure/best-practices-badge/pull/1625](https://github.com/coreinfrastructure/best-practices-badge/pull/1625)
* CRE team, Scorecard: No one on call
* NEW MEETING TIME! (YAY!) - alternate Tuesdays, 10am-11am Eastern Time
    * Carly sent out a meeting calendar invite, make sure you got it!
* NIST’s - Enhancing Software Supply Chain Security Workshop - [https://www.nist.gov/news-events/events/2021/06/enhancing-software-supply-chain-security-workshop-and-call-position](https://www.nist.gov/news-events/events/2021/06/enhancing-software-supply-chain-security-workshop-and-call-position) (responding to US executive order on cybersecurity)
    * David A. Wheeler: I’ve written papers for each area, comments welcome: I'm writing position papers for NIST (due this Wednesday, TOMORROW). Comments welcome: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/13SS6u2bQswfRYNi-WXm4dJZkgGHZK7slYZQ75HXTVns/edit#](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13SS6u2bQswfRYNi-WXm4dJZkgGHZK7slYZQ75HXTVns/edit#)
    * You’re also welcome to write your own
* LF’s Linux Security Summit (LSS) 2021 CFP [open ](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/linux-security-summit-north-america/program/cfp/?utm_content=167184933&utm_medium=social&utm_source=linkedin&hss_channel=lcp-208777#overview)- anyone interested in doing some type of submission? PROPOSALS DUE - June 27, 2021.
    * David A. Wheeler is on the program committee, feel free to ask him questions!
    * Glenn: interested!
    * Maybe one from the group, 1+ from individuals
    * Topics tend to be more technical
    * Wheeler: Re: U of MN - yes, we DO want experiments on countering intentional vulnerabilities, just needs to be ethical.
        * I do have a paper you might be interested in: “Initial Analysis of Underhanded Source Code” [https://www.ida.org/-/media/feature/publications/i/in/initial-analysis-of-underhanded-source-code/d-13166.ashx](https://www.ida.org/-/media/feature/publications/i/in/initial-analysis-of-underhanded-source-code/d-13166.ashx)
    * Jonathan L: Gradle wrapper - Gradle wrapper is a common binary blob, checks that widely-used wrapper is legitimate, not a homoglyph: [https://github.com/gradle/wrapper-validation-action](https://github.com/gradle/wrapper-validation-action)
            * David A. Wheeler: How about expanding this to other things?
            * Jonathan L: Sure. jquery, etc., useful. There just needs to be a central location for “good checksums” (e.g., anything minified would be useful)
            * CRob: sigstore. Lets people sign. [https://sigstore.dev/](https://sigstore.dev/)
* **Next WG task - to assemble an opinionated list of good practices, tools, & resources for OSS devs & maintainers**
* **WG HOMEWORK - **
    * **David, CRob & others report back on NIST workshop content**
    * **CRob to create draft abstract for LSS conference for team to use to collab on ideas for conference presentations**
        * **Intro to WG & projects**
        * **Potential session on project deep-dive/demos**
    * **Everyone come to next call with several practices, tools, resources to recommend to devs to assist them to develop more securely**
    