# 20210720

Attendees:

* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* CRob (Intel)
* Xavier Rene-Corail (GitHub)
* Dave Russo (Red Hat)
* Glenn ten Cate(SKF)
* Daniel Silverstone (Codethink)
* Marta Rybczynska (OSTC)

Meeting Notes:

New friends:

* Ax Sharma

**Project Updates**

CII Best Practices Badge

* Current stats are at [https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/project_stats](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/project_stats)
    * 3,961 participating projects - anticipate breaking 4,000 soon.
    * 596 passing projects - anticipate breaking 600 soon.
* Continue to update libraries whenever vulnerabilities are found in them. Updated “attributes” gem even we though don’t believe it’s exploitable in this case, because it’s easier to update than determine if it’s vulnerable
* Pattern for not passing?
    * David W: I’ve done that analysis in the past. E.g., a common one is failing to tell people how to report vulnerabilities. I analyzed just projects at 90%+ so they’d already have looked at everything.

edX Course

* Page [https://openssf.org/edx-courses/](https://openssf.org/edx-courses/) now includes direct link to GitHub page with content (for comments (file issues) and reuse by others)

SKF

* Small Demo Editor / new labs env- based on ICE coder

Inventory

* 

Scorecard

* 

WG collaboration:

* Proposed title: “Existing Guidelines for Developing and Distributing Secure Software” - Google docs to start, once we get it going we can convert to GitHub.
    * [https://docs.google.com/document/d/11bRB-Q_j9sj19EEC32-ijMiEHERPRwZRVWE9HwNr2pc/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11bRB-Q_j9sj19EEC32-ijMiEHERPRwZRVWE9HwNr2pc/edit)
    * Above document may not be visible to all.
    * Marta suggests to categorize the General Guidance section into domains
        * General (BSIMM, SAMM, etc)
        * Web dev
        * OS
        * Infrastructure (docker, ci/cd, source code repos)
        * Languages
    * Xav suggests pointing to Tooling group directly for those tools recommendations & we stay focused on development
    * Daniel suggests ONE repo under openssf that collects all different parts as “one book”
* Update on the one pager for our WG -> (S)SDLC HTML / JS
    * Will wait till the next meeting to see how to move forward with this.
* Linux Security Summit
    * Who submitted talks?
        * Glenn, David A. Wheeler, maybe CRob-Jennifer Fenrick
    * Future WG task - look at 2022 Conference Calendar and coordinate submissions to further awareness of WG & Projects @CRob assemble calendar for team to review
    