# 20210426

Attendees:

- David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
- Beth White (Codethink)
- Xavier Rene-Corail (GitHub)
- Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
- Jon Zeolla (Seiso)
- Jonathan Leitschuh (GitHub)
- Magno Logan (Trend Micro)

Meeting Notes:

**Project Updates**

edX Course

- Nothing new on the course itself
- There was a request to have the course content posted as Markdown on GitHub. It’s now posted! Reviews welcome.
- Original content, as a Google Doc: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oN6juqVR7KXuvclHvoY0pr_XQmC6t6uXMLcYphPsUsA/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oN6juqVR7KXuvclHvoY0pr_XQmC6t6uXMLcYphPsUsA/edit)
- The content in Markdown format: [https://github.com/ossf/secure-sw-dev-fundamentals](https://github.com/ossf/secure-sw-dev-fundamentals)
- We’ve been doing lots of little fixes on the Markdown so it will match the Google docs file. I think we finally managed to get all the curling quotes as curling quotes (single and double quotes). I hand-compared the entire doc

SKF

- UX designer on board
- Still working on the secure code review exercises. Getting real life use cases from Snyk, then follow the link to the PR on GitHub, extract the vulnerable code to add it into the exercise.
- SSO

CII Best Practices Badge

- Small improvements: Switched Ruby 3.0.1, housekeeping
- We had added new criterion “Project is maintained” but that was always intended, so all agreed to add it out-of-cycle. It’s been added & no issues at this point.

Inventory (CRE)

- No update since last meeting, TODO: look at the integration within SKF

ScoreCards

- No update

SLSA/ CII Best Practices

- DavidW: I think they’re considering SLSA part of the digital identity attribution WG, though I’m not sure that’s formal.
- David W: I’m interacting with them to help clarify things

U of MN kernel patches: Always ask for consent before experimenting on humans.

- Hack software, not people (@dakami)

Jonathan L: Gradle includes a GitHub action to check if the jar is a released jar, as well as homoglyph protection using a homoglyph detection tool.

- [https://github.com/marketplace/actions/gradle-wrapper-validation](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/gradle-wrapper-validation)

DavidW: Does this suggest some potential best practices and/or tools we should create to detect problems?

Jon L: Sure. Where there are common places where you could see a vector for a social engineering attack, what tools can we use to make those attacks more difficult?

DavidW: E.g., some sort of external scanning tool to detect situations that you wouldn’t expect across many repos.

Jon L: Yes, a CodeScanning/ CodeQL query could detect a lot of that.

Matt R: I’d like to set up pipelines to make it easier to automatically detect various attacks.

Jon L: Google was setting up some reproducible builds verification pipeline, don’t know what happened to that.

Jon L: Maybe “recommended GitHub Actions”

Matt R: GitHub Actions requires Microsoft’s to run. I’d like to be able to run on other systems.

Xavier: It’s not so much something we host.

Matt R: Could have multiple hosts, including ourselves.

Xavier: I like this idea of a “canonical pipeline”. People could host it themselves, or run on common systems. Maybe a package manager could run it whenever a new revision is published.

David: This would be a new project. Is this something we need to add and who is willing to work on that?

The CNCF SIG-Security team has recently published the 1st draft of the Supply Chain Best Practices WP - <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VURD9rdEhiuqPdixhEozkHw01Tk6e2AaJVjBK3pK6Zc/edit> (It’s open for comments)

It’s a good idea to identify best practices on what you do in principle, but specifics about the tools probably falls to the tools WG.

OpenSSF Tools WG does have a (early) guide:

[https://github.com/ossf/wg-security-tooling/blob/main/guide.md](https://github.com/ossf/wg-security-tooling/blob/main/guide.md)

Xavier: So if we want to create a skeleton “recommended pipeline of tools” with perhaps some tools as examples? Do we want to do that?

Matt R: I’m happy to help.

David: discuss with the tools working group as they are already working on something like that.

Matt R will present idea to tools WG, then report back & discuss next steps.

Budget request

- TAC is requesting all WGs to create budget requests
- We know we want to get a hosted service for OWASP SKF, so the computer doesn’t need to run on Glenn’s desk
