# Regular meeting - May 4th, 2020

## What happened since last meeting?
- **Elie:** Deeper discussions wrt Inventory. Possibility to merge with a current OWASP project "Integration Standards". 2 meetings (on functional requirements, and on technical archi). First MVP could come in 1 month  / 2 months.
- **Bjorn:** Proposal of payload that could be sent from an exercise to the learning platform, for the central progress tracking. Request for feedback sent. With the goal of get to a unified payload.
- **Xavier / Riccardo / Glenn:** Preliminary discussions with GitHub Learning Lab - They'll get back to us

## Concerns / discussions
- Discuss with other working groups.
- Sara / F5 willing to contribute to some projects. For example pulling vuln data and mapping to the inventory.
- What is the status on funding? We need money to fund projects, but also to hire people (community manager, operations for the learning platform ...)
- If we have this money right now, would it help progress on the learning platform?
  - Yes, we could definitely hire 1-2 more developers to build the features
- Community framework could also benefit from money?
  - We need to first build the 2 other projects 
  - Also, we could leverage on the existing communities (SKF...) to build our community

## Actions
- [ ] Come up with a concrete list of questions to ask the other working groups
- [ ] Elie / Sara to have a call on the inventory to define collaboration opportunities
- [ ] Sara to sync with Hauwa about funding status



