# Regular meeting - April 21, 2020

## What happened since the last meeting? 

* Xavier: Started filling this repository and organizing. 
  * ATTENTION POINT: The OKRs we discussed together were until June 2020. In order to put OKRs for end of 2020, I just extrapolated the ones we had, but we need to revisit them together to make sure we all agree with them
  * There is also a [project board](https://github.com/Open-Source-Security-Coalition/Best-Practices-for-OS-Developers/projects/1) where we can all track tasks and progress. You can either create a card on the fly, or create an issue and reference it in the project board.
* Xavier: :snail: I am late on setting up discussions with the GitHub Learning Lab team re: the integration in SKF.

## Discussion items
### OKRs
As indicated above, Xavier took the liberty to extend the OKRs to the end of the year. Let's review them

### SKF Checklist
Discussion around the [SKF checklist feature](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5ExXEr-x-U) and its integration with GitHub projects

### Inventory User Stories
Discuss the User stories proposed by Elie

## Concerns 

* **Working group leadership**. With the current COVID-19 situation, we are all struggling to sustain our normal productivity level, and it can be difficult to work on this group in addition to our normal duties. I recommend a more flexible approach than relying on a unique "leader / co-pilot" pair, for example at each meeting, the members who feel comfortable to lead the group during the 2 coming weeks volunteer. 
- On the other hand, the group is acually delivering, and working well. Others are more interested in content, not in admin stuff. Proposal: Xavier and Elie are pilot / co-pilot for the time being.


## Actions
- Everyone: Flesh the OKRs with more concrete success measures
- Elie / Riccardo: Flesh the inventory user stories
- Elie: Give details about the Requirement id project and how it helps the inventory project
- Xavier: Set-up meeting with GH Learning Lab for the integration into SKF
- Xavier: (Once the inventory user stories are more detailed) Set up a meeting with the relevant GH experts to discuss chatbot integration


## Next meeting?
- Not possible at this time for Sara. Can we move it 1h later? Or same hour on Wednesday?
  - Decision: Go back to Mondays
