# Regular meeting - March 09, 2020


## Intro



*   Welcome our newcomers - introductions
*   FYI: the WG group leads will be convened towards the end of the week or early next week to share readouts from initial meetings, progress, and areas for improvement
*   Anything else to add to the agenda?


## Working group story 

I tried to recap the discussions from the kickoff meeting into a story that we could easily communicate to others, and to the outside world as part of the future coalition website. I would love your feedback to make it final. 

[Powerpoint pres](https://github.com/Open-Source-Security-Coalition/Best-Practices-for-OS-Developers/blob/master/docs/Best-Practices-for-Open-Source-Developers-Story.pptx)

Feedback:



*   How do we make this widely distributed? → The community project: Highlight this a bit more in the message
*   This is more than the next awesome list, there is the community aspect and the learning path aspects


## Needs

_Discuss needs for each project (People, money, other working groups ...)_



*   General
    *   ...
*   Inventory
    *   **Community feedback and validation**
        *   What is the inventory? Aggregation or references? 
        *   How do we make sure that it’s accepted by the community
    *   **Prioritization criteria definition**
    *   **Stepping back from the existing and create our own inventory with the  important categories**
    *   **Strong domain that others can reference**
    *   **UX, Design and Marketing**
*   Community
    *   Community manager
    *   Weekly content: technical writers
    *   Community strategy
        *   Increasing the overlap of existing communities (sec, dev)
        *   Identify champions  
*   Learning platform
    *   Alignment with Tooling working group to provide enforcement at the level of Pull Requests
    *   Make sure to be integrated into the workflow people already have (IDE, Source control)
    *   The rules should be available in one place as testing data for the tools
    *   Different options for different learners (exercises, videos …)

 


## What companies should we invite?

Parties that I think should somewhat be involved:



1. Atlassian: https://www.atlassian.com/software-development
2. Portswigger
3. Redhat - They have blogs and documents everywhere
4. Unity: https://github.com/UnityTech/unity-ssdlc
5. Cisco
6. Veracode
7. Checkmarx
8. SecureCodeWarrior
9. Manicode
10. Security Journey


## What project(s) should we focus on?



*   Inventory should start first -- Prioritize the content and tackle them step by step (agile?)
    *   Learning platform can go hand in hand
    *   Community should come later, once we have some material - But community strategy needs to start now


## Define OKRs 

_What are our OKRs (end of June)?_



*   MVP of the inventory 
    *   One collection of existing - prioritized
    *   Gap analysis
*   Community strategy is proposed
*   Scoreboard
*   Learning paths are proposed
    *   One full example is ready


## Concerns



*   Neutrality of this working group - Leave for next meeting


## Actions 



*   Define how this group is going to work together - _Xavier RC, Elie S_
*   Define key players for the needs of this project - Everyone
*   Create user stories for Inventory
*   Create user stories for Learning Platform - _Björn, Glenn & Riccardo_
*   Initiate conversation with the tooling WG and the Security of open source projects WG, at this stage to give them a heads-up about our on-going discussions and future needs. - _Xavier RC_ 
*   Inventory of existing communities and of their strategies (e.g. OWASP, GitHub)


## Next meeting? 



*   In 2 weeks - Monday 23, March
