# Regular meeting - April 06, 2020

## What happened since the last meeting? 



*   Xavier: Raised to the steering committee the concerns that we discussed last week. No solution yet, but just the acknowledgement that it’s being worked on
    *   Neutrality wrt commercial tools: This is currently being worked on by the steering committee. They intend to write bylaws for the coalition.
    *   We need contributors to develop, maintain and operate the learning platform.
        *   The committee is also working on funding (which would allow us to hire)
        *   Several members would like to allocate collaborators to work for the coalition
*   Xavier: didn’t have time to work on the group collaboration tools as promised but a GitHub organisation has been created for the coalition, and for next meeting we’ll have a repo where we can store all our docs, and a board to follow-up on our tasks. 
*   Riccardo: Integration of OWASP Juice Shop into SKF
    *   With SKF we basically have the MVP we want
    *   We have a demo of integrating a new course platform
    *   **Next:** Try to integrate the GitHub learning platform into SKF
*   Bjorn:
    *   Learning path demo in Juice shop - levels are unblocked one after the other
    *   **Idea**: link the badges / progress report to projects / users on GitHub
        *   Add a disclaimer that these badges just mean that you spent time on learning security, that you are “aware”, not that your project is more secure than another, or that you’re an expert. 


## Concerns 



*   Do we have enough people / time in this working group to achieve our objectives?  


## Actions



*   Setup the Inventory user stories - _Elie_
    *   _[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GndQuUOUAARc7RmAH0oXmbcLb1vZw2g8cAznICAK3oc/edit#heading=h.tqyztji4w9if](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GndQuUOUAARc7RmAH0oXmbcLb1vZw2g8cAznICAK3oc/edit#heading=h.tqyztji4w9if)_
*   Understand other WG’s needs to be tackled in the Learning Platform and Inventory
*   Assess what is missing in the community as information and knowledge, which shouldn’t be a deliverable for next meeting (this is a goal by itself)
*   Meeting between GH and SKF in order to identify how the integration could be done -_ Xavier, Riccardo_
*   Discuss possible metrics to be linked to users in the learning platform - _Team_


## Next meeting?



*   Some members from other working groups would like to contribute to this one too, and all meetings are at the same time. Can we find a slot on Tuesdays? 
    *   Tuesday same time works for everyone
