# Coalition Kick-off meeting - Best practices for Open Source developers

## Background

For each working group you’re interested in, consider these questions in advance of the meeting. Please come to the meeting prepared to discuss with your respective working groups. 

During the meeting,  please use this as a tool to jumpstart your discussion and keep notes so that remote participants have visibility into discussions. This shared document lives in the Open Source Security Coalition Google drive for each working group. 

Please note that at the end of this exercise, we will ask each working group to determine a group lead along with a designated co-pilot to help support the lead. Working groups can choose to rotate the group lead and co-pilot roles on a quarterly basis.


## Working Group Members



*   Sara Boddy; F5 Labs [s.boddy@f5.com](mailto:s.boddy@f5.com) 
*   Mary Gardner; F5, CISO (to join periodically) 
*   Elie Saad [eliesaad7@gmail.com](mailto:eliesaad7@gmail.com) -- OWASP
*   Xavier Rene-Corail xcorail@github.com
*   Jennifer Fernick (to join future meetings) [jennifer.fernick@nccgroup.com](mailto:jennifer.fernick@nccgroup.com)
*   Maya Kaczorowski (please add me to future meetings) [mayakacz@github.com](mailto:mayakacz@github.com) 


## Questions 



*   What should be the overall objective for this working group? In other words, think of the objective as what do you hope this group will accomplish? Provide three specific objectives for this working group.   What problem is this working group trying to solve? 
    *   Research to figure out what are the worst issues and write best practices for recommendations
        *   Find the BHAGs + low hanging fruit, prioritize
    *   Resources already available, but how to approach the OS developers? The problem is with the delivery of these resources to the developers
    *   Secure coding and awareness training 
        *   Find luminaries in the community
            *   Give them a voice 
            *   Let’s bring in Manicode 
        *   Continual update process to best practices
            *   Where is this content going to live? 
        *   Others who are doing this @elie
            *   Various OWASP projects
            *   Unity
            *   NCC
    *   **Enforcement?**
        *   Validation / testing tools ran on pull request?  
            *   **Recommended Tools:**
            *   
            *   Incentive / Gamification ideas (focused on learning)
        *   Insecure flags on webpage?
    *   JF: I would be interested in contributing to guidance documents and ideally integrating these with some kind of tooling (such as your mention of validation upon a PR) 
    *   JF: I think it can also be valuable to make recommendations on libraries to depend upon (and which are unvalidated/can pose upstream risk) - especially cryptographically 
*   What type of project work would help support this group’s objective? Provide three project ideas. 
    *   _Gamify, badging systems?_
        *   _Needs a complete community strategy_
            *   _Sara@F5 going to grab format from F5 DevCentral badging and VIP system_
        *   _Our companies’ marketing resources should help _
        *   Release schedule badges - code that’s updated is good!!! 
        *   Code signing?
    *   _Run continuously in the PRs the security checks → allow developers to learn by example; regularly as well (weekly, monthly) to showcase the security level of the project._
    *   _Learning platform to walk developers through secure code_
        *   E.g. _[https://trendmicro.github.io/SecureCodingDojo/codereview101/](https://trendmicro.github.io/SecureCodingDojo/codereview101/)_
        *   
    *   _We need to go through the existing documents and knowledge and figure out how we combine that_
    *   _We should talk to the tooling working group in order to use these tools in our enforcement / learning process_
    *   _How do we bring attention? _
    *   _Reach out to companies that are already working on building these resources, and merge into one_
*   Think about the objectives the group identified above. Illustrate each objective with a concrete outcome or key result.
    *   **_Inventory open source security problems (discovery and analysis), tools training that exists, etc. by June?_**
        *   _[Trend Micro Secure Coding Dojo](https://owasp.trendmicro.com/public/index.html) _
    *   _Best practices, recommended tools, etc. _
        *   _Inventory, know what people are using?_
            *   _Community source this_
        *   _By expertise level - something for newbies!_
        *   _Get involved in early EDU, Girls Who Code, STEM schools, UW Cyber School? _
    *   _Community & Gamification - **what by June?**_
        *   Best practices for gamification and community within the open source community - what will work?!
            *   Security score
            *   Integration with enterprise tools
            *   Managed/updated/not a garage project
            *   Trusted Dev? Community voted expert?
            *   Level of Expertise
            *   VIP Program? (what value do they get out of this? Recognition value) 
        *   What tech do we need? Community platform? Auth? How much open source vs 
            *   Ops requirements and staff? Investment?  
    *   _Enforcement_
        *   Tooling? “learning by example” process
        *   Influence the tooling WG to include the requirements re: learning process
            *   Feedback loops?
*   Is there anything else to address? 
*   Who is your group leader? Who will serve as co-pilot? 
    *   Leader: Mary Gardner
    *   CoPilot: Sara Boddy   
        *   Best practices and testing: Elie Saad
        *   Community and gamification: Sara Boddy
    *     		
*   When will this working group meet next? Please aim for dates within the next week. 
    *   Ops board? Kanban board. Trello?
        *   Mary has resource that might help manage us (scrum master)
    *   Sprint? Meet Monthly? (Sprinting might be too much structure for the OpenSource community)
    *   **Always meet 1 week before steering committee.**  


## Notes

Pull Request Template:

[ ] Parametrized query

[ ] Proper input sanitization occured

Etc.

For requirements: ASVS -> Applications in general; MASVS -> Mobile

For threat modeling: PyTM, ThreatSpec

For code best practices: Proactive Controls, CheatSheet Series

For testing: WSTG -> Web; MSTG -> Mobile



*   Community manager for animating the OS maintainers community should be dedicated
    *   By June we’ll have the plan and strategy ready by June, and then we’ll derive the needs in terms of money, people, etc.
*   Guidance for owners of packages, different from a standard contributor
    *   Different according to the packages (those who are used in prod)
    *   → these are different personas in the community strategy
