# 20220118

Attendees:

* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* CRob (Intel)
* Xavier Rene-Corail (GitHub)
* Glenn ten Cate(SKF)
* Azeem Shaikh (Google)
* Marta Rybczynska (OSTC)
* Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM)
* Georg Kunz (Ericsson)
* Judy Kelly (Red Hat)
* Tim Pepper (VMware)
* Jeff Mendoza (Google)
* Ixchel Ruiz (jfrog)

Meeting Notes:

* Welcome to 2022 - **the** most important year for OSS developer security!
* Welcome new friends to WG
* npm security best practices status
    * Doc initiated by 
    * Decide / vote if this is supposed to be an official openssf guide, and a stream of this working group or of another group (upcoming supply chain WG?). 
    * More generally, do we (Best Practices WG) want to produce authoritative guides for products on their behalf, or would we prefer to contribute?
    * If we own the guide, do we have the commitment of the npm team to contribute now and maintain in the future?
    * @laurent - please send request to mailing list about “ownership” of the guide and provide readable link to doc
    * @CRob ask TAC if they are ok with us being stewards of this
    * @laurent get commitment from npm security to review / maintain in the future
* 2022 Security Conference [Calendar](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1W-uDGwdDJYXKOyxjWg3gpqSiHBK7fRWnl-ya6jlJKAo/edit#gid=0)
* Great MFA end-of-year recap
    * There were project requests for 102 Yubikeys from GitHub & 65 Titans from Google. The actual number of tokens sent was larger; several projects came back & asked for some more & we had them, so we sent them.
    * We need to get more accurate numbers…
    * Xavier sent 81 coupon codes for GitHub Yubikeys
    * Every token sent is another attack avenue that we have worked to harden against password stealing attacks.
    * We have Yubikey tokens left over (we weren’t sure what kind of response we’d get). Google’s offer has expired; we can ask for more, no guarantee we’ll get them.
    * Tim Pepper - on Kubernetes steering committee, focus is to get keys to core release team folks (request should be for 4).  We can work inside the project to acquire keys in the future for our broader devs
    * As critical projects WG adds projects to the critical OSS list, we can contact those projects incrementally
    * Wheeler: I think this was a success! We got a lot of tokens distributed to critical OSS projects, which is a very concrete improvement.
* If anyone has some spare time to assist in fixing a markdown page, our [Existing Guidelines ](https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/blob/main/docs/Existing%20Guidelines%20for%20Developing%20and%20Distributing%20Secure%20Software.md)are now available in git and need a small bit of love.
* SKF: Has made various improvements
    * Moved to Azure, using their OSS credits, working great
    * Busy on landing page loop - it’s in the Best Practices WG repo, under images - will carve out some time next meeting time to address this
* Opens
    * White House meeting on open source software security (David A. Wheeler)
        * “The discussion focused on three topics:
            * Preventing security defects and vulnerabilities in code and open source packages, improving the process for finding defects and fixing them, and shortening the response time for distributing and implementing fixes.
                * … make it easier for developers to write secure code by integrating security features into development tools and securing the infrastructure used to build, warehouse and distribute code, like using techniques such as code signing and stronger digital identities.
                * … prioritize the most important open source projects and put in place sustainable mechanisms to maintain them.
                * … accelerate and improve the use of Software Bills of Material...” - [https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefing-room/statements-releases/2022/01/13/readout-of-white-house-meeting-on-software-security/](https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefing-room/statements-releases/2022/01/13/readout-of-white-house-meeting-on-software-security/)
        * OpenSSF *repeatedly* pointed to as the key group to work this (now we have to work it!)
        * Note: While the US White House is obviously specific to the US, this is a global issue & are working on resolving this through international cooperation.

New friends:

* 

**Project Updates**
**(please enter and speak to anything interesting)**

CII Best Practices Badge (David A. Wheeler)

* 

edX Course (David A. Wheeler)
* No new news.

SKF(Glenn)
* Building use cases to deliver platform end of q1
* Will be creating training & videos
* Now with over 60 labs!! - nodejs, python, java
* Migrated over to Azure - working great
* @glen post link to diagram and mail list for feedback for next meeting

Inventory

* 

Scorecard
* V4 presentation:
    * [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1QCG3xLooN388R8RzuxVqPLVN1PRAUVycbWUrLFivFzQ/edit?resourcekey=0-M2gsxN33-iaLUdlzueiWWA#slide=id.p](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1QCG3xLooN388R8RzuxVqPLVN1PRAUVycbWUrLFivFzQ/edit?resourcekey=0-M2gsxN33-iaLUdlzueiWWA#slide=id.p)

**Future WG collaboration:**
* “Existing Guidelines for Developing and Distributing Secure Software” -[https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/blob/main/docs/Existing%20Guidelines%20for%20Developing%20and%20Distributing%20Secure%20Software.md](https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/blob/main/docs/Existing%20Guidelines%20for%20Developing%20and%20Distributing%20Secure%20Software.md) 
* Next project will be “newbies view” for secure coding and practices - will leverage our SKF “one-pager” as a reference to structure the deck.
    1. Suggested format - [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1iyReG5FtJT5YPm5ZyFM_obWqkUGFGuRqVg5gkJ7Z3_Q/edit#slide=id.ged18471c8b_0_0](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1iyReG5FtJT5YPm5ZyFM_obWqkUGFGuRqVg5gkJ7Z3_Q/edit#slide=id.ged18471c8b_0_0) 

**Project Updates**

EdX Course
* 3888 projects participating - 583 passing  

SKF
*  TAC Update (voting in progress - [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/60](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/60) )

CII Best Practices Badge

*  

Inventory

*  

Scorecard

*  

WG collaboration:
*  Group interest in submitting papers to linux security summit - [https://events.linuxfoundation.org/linux-security-summit-north-america/program/cfp/?utm_content=167184933&utm_medium=social&utm_source=linkedin&hss_channel=lcp-208777](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/linux-security-summit-north-america/program/cfp/?utm_content=167184933&utm_medium=social&utm_source=linkedin&hss_channel=lcp-208777) 
